docs: minor adjustments to workspace pages (#3975)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/index.md

excerpt: Use Custom Resources with Workspace Catalog Applications
---

> Some workspace catalog applications will provision some `CustomResourceDefinitions`, which allow you to deploy Custom Resources. Please refer to your workspace catalog application's documentation for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some workspace catalog applications will provision some `CustomResourceDefinitions`, which allows you to deploy Custom Resources. See your workspace catalog application's documentation for instructions.
```
